README.md, before:

# Crispy AI

[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/oss2019/crispy-ai.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/oss2019/crispy-ai/issues) [![Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed/oss2019/crispy-ai.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/oss2019/crispy-ai/pulls) [![License](https://img.shields.io/apm/l/vim-mode.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/oss2019/crispy-ai/blob/master/LICENSE) [![Gitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-on%20gitter-ff006f.svg?style=flat-square)](https://gitter.im/osssoc/community)

Meet Crispy! Your intelligent companion that sits your lectures for you and organizes classroom taught content into short and concise modules.
She also tries to provide you with live subtitles turning your classroom experience into a [bh]ollywood blockbuster

<p align="center"> <img width="500" src="images/195.jpg"> </p>

## Features
Crispy has bunch of cool features to aid you. [Check them out here](features.md) and feel free to add some more to list through a PR!

## Contributions
We would love contributions to add more features to crispy and make her the coolest companion. See the [guidelines](contributions.md) to know more on how to contribute.

### Acknowledgements
Image Designed by [roserodionova / Freepik](http://www.freepik.com")

Commit message:

Added Tools to be used

README.md, after:

# Crispy AI

[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/oss2019/crispy-ai.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/oss2019/crispy-ai/issues) [![Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed/oss2019/crispy-ai.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/oss2019/crispy-ai/pulls) [![License](https://img.shields.io/apm/l/vim-mode.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/oss2019/crispy-ai/blob/master/LICENSE) [![Gitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-on%20gitter-ff006f.svg?style=flat-square)](https://gitter.im/osssoc/community)

Meet Crispy! Your intelligent companion that sits your lectures for you and organizes classroom taught content into short and concise modules.
She also tries to provide you with live subtitles turning your classroom experience into a [BH]ollywood blockbuster

<p align="center"> <img width="500" src="images/195.jpg"> </p>

## Features
Crispy has bunch of cool features to aid you. [Check them out here](features.md) and feel free to add some more to list through a PR!

## Tools/Libraries which can be used
  - [Mozilla DeepSpeech](https://github.com/mozilla/DeepSpeech) - Built on TensorFlow (FREE)
  - [Microsoft Azure Text Analytics](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/services/cognitive-services/text-analytics/) - End-to-end API (PAID)
  - [ParallelDots Keyword Extractor](https://www.paralleldots.com/keyword-extractor) - End-to-end API (PAID)

## Contributions
We would love contributions to add more features to crispy and make her the coolest companion. See the [guidelines](contributions.md) to know more on how to contribute.

### Acknowledgements
Image Designed by [roserodionova / Freepik](http://www.freepik.com")

## Legal
Please refer to the [licence](https://github.com/oss2019/crispy-ai/blob/master/LICENSE)
